# -ECTS-WORKLOAD-FORM-READER
In this study, it is aimed to design a system that enables taking the images of the European Credit Transfer System (ECTS) Workload Forms which belongs to the Istanbul Medipol University by using a phone camera and transferring the information and answers of the students to the digital environment.
The European Credit Transfer System can be described as a student-centered credit system according to the workload of the student. ECTS is a standard that expresses the studies such as theory of the courses, application part of them, assignments, exams and independent studies which a student must perform for the purpose of successfully complete a course. Through this system, all qualifications and other learning outcomes in higher education can be explained and consistently associated with each other. By the help of the ECTS form, in addition to accessing information about the academic programs, general information about the student life outside of education can be obtained.
After the answers which are collected with this ECTS forms are transferred to the digital environment, it is aimed to create a form evaluation report for each course and to reduce the human workload. At present, Research Assistants (RA) and Teaching Assistants (TA) have to read these forms manually. Performing this process by people causes a serious loss of time and effort. However, it may not be possible for these throughputs to be written quickly and accurately by people every time. At this point, it has been proposed to automatically recognize characters in predefined locations from ECTS form images taken from the camera by using image processing and Optical Character Recognition (OCR) system techniques.
